# Path-planner

Autonomous driving in urban areas with pedestrians, cyclists and other moving vehicles is still a difficult challenge today, with many unresolved problems. But in closed areas like distribution centers, the legal requirements are less restrictive and the surrounding environment is more controlled and predictable compared to urban areas. Distribution centers (DCs) work by stocking goods that are to be redistributed to wholesalers and retails down the logistics supply chain.
At present, DCs rely on human drivers to transport goods between them, including driving the vehicles inside DC. The most common type of vehicle to haul goods is tractor-trailer vehicles i.e. articulated vehicles. Rearward docking maneuver of an articulated vehicle (with one/more articulation points) in a distribution center is a complicated operation due to vehicle directional instability and lack of visibility from the driver cabin. A high turnaround time due to a driver’s wrong maneuver will cause a holdup of trucks waiting at the DC to load or unload, thus reducing its throughput. Therefore, implementing autonomous vehicles in such a confined area would have positive outcomes. The outcomes include increased productivity and safety, the possibility to relieve the human from performing complex driving tasks.

To achieve such automation, path planning algorithm and path tracking controller are required. Path planning is defined as the problem of finding an optimal path from a defined initial configuration to a final configuration, minimizing the cost function typically the length of the path. The generated path will be given to a path tracking controller for actuating the vehicle.
